Use "nested flow" in place of "subflow" in the docs (#14122)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/2.19.x/how-to-guides/development/specify-upstream-dependencies.mdx

title: Specifying Upstream Dependencies
---

> Results from a task can be provided to other tasks (or nested flows) as upstream dependencies. Prefect uses upstream dependencies in two ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Results from a task can be provided to other tasks or flows as upstream dependencies. Prefect uses upstream dependencies in two ways:
```

1.  To populate dependency arrows in the flow run graph
2.  To determine execution order for [concurrently submitted](https://docs.prefect.io/concepts/task-runners) units of work that depend on each other

<Note>
**Tasks vs. other functions**

> **Only results from tasks** inform Prefect's ability to determine dependencies. Return values from functions without task decorators, including nested flows, do not carry the same information about their origin as task results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Only results from tasks** inform Prefect's ability to determine dependencies. Return values from functions without task decorators, including nested flow runs, do not carry the same information about their origin as task results.
```

Determination methods
-----------------------------------------------------------------

> A task or nested flow's upstream dependencies can be inferred automatically via its inputs, or stated explicitly via the `wait_for` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A run's upstream dependencies can be inferred automatically via its inputs, or stated explicitly via the `wait_for` parameter.
```

### Automatic

When a result from a task is used as input for another task, Prefect automatically recognizes the task that result originated from as an upstream dependency.

> This applies to every way you can run tasks with Prefect, whether you're calling the task function directly, calling [`.submit()`](https://docs.prefect.io/api-ref/prefect/tasks/#prefect.tasks.Task.submit), or calling [`.map()`](https://docs.prefect.io/api-ref/prefect/tasks/#prefect.tasks.Task.map). Nested flows similarly recognize tasks results as upstream dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This applies to every way you can run tasks with Prefect, whether you're calling the task function directly, calling [`.submit()`](https://docs.prefect.io/api-ref/prefect/tasks/#prefect.tasks.Task.submit), or calling [`.map()`](https://docs.prefect.io/api-ref/prefect/tasks/#prefect.tasks.Task.map). Nested flow run similarly recognize tasks results as upstream dependencies.
```
